Bad classroom habits to stop in college:
Don't talk during class or distract other students.
Don't ask "will this be on the test?" — professors find it disrespectful.
Don't use your phone during lectures.
Don't eat loud food in class.
Don't sit in the back and tune out — sit up front and pay attention.

Your life isn't over if you walk into class late. Just calmly go in and take a seat. When you come in late, sit at the back and be discrete about it.

Don't skip class. Missing one class is like a gateway drug — after that it's easy to justify not going whenever you're tired.

After a test, you don't have to stick around. Pack your stuff up and leave quietly.

If you're struggling, don't wait to get help. There is at least one other resource outside of your professor for tutoring. You will regret letting pride or laziness get in the way of passing a class.

If professors offer to read rough drafts of papers, send them a rough draft. You'll get suggestions tailored to your professor's grading tendencies.

Making up excuses to a professor if you miss a due date won't help — they simply will not care.

Do every bit of extra credit offered. Every single extra point counts. In one class, a student did so much extra credit they only needed a 20% on the final to get an A.

Send thank you notes to professors you love after the class is over and you've received your final grade. They appreciate it and may write you strong recommendation letters later.

Never forget reference pages. Cite everything you've looked at.

Stop checking social media every few seconds — it's amazing how much time it frees up.

Don't plagiarize. Professors will catch you. If caught, fess up.

If the professor asks you to come in for help, do it.

Get involved. The more connected you are, the better you'll do.

Live on campus if you can.

Take advantage of electives. Try something you may never get to try again. One student started as an economics major, took biology as an elective, and ended up in microbiology grad school.

Use the library. Outside of college, knowledge is expensive. Access databases while you can.

Don't act like you're the coolest kid around. No one cares how much you drank last night. If it's that impressive, people will brag for you.

Keep your high school GPA, sports accomplishments, SAT scores, and awards to yourself. No one cares.

Approach college with humbleness. Don't take yourself too seriously.