Check the list of approved and prohibited items from your college before you move in. Rules vary from school to school. Incense, candles, and pets are most likely forbidden. Even power strips or halogen lamps might be prohibited.

Dorm storage space is one thing many incoming freshmen overestimate. Consider leaving everything but the necessities at home. Most college laundry facilities are easy, inexpensive, and located in the residence hall. Some colleges offer free washers and dryers. Some have high-tech laundry services that text you when clothes are ready.

You might not like your first roommate, and that's not the end of the world. With classes, clubs, and campus events, you probably won't be in your room very much anyway. If your roommate is more than you can handle, Residential Advisors and Residential Directors can help.

First semester classes might not be that great but they'll get better. First-year students at big universities are frequently taught by graduate students rather than professors. Once you pick your major you can start with more specialized classes. Register as soon as you can before classes fill up.

Most colleges have multiple dining options — try them all your first semester. College towns almost always have good cheap food, and some off-campus places may have arrangements with your meal plan.

Whether you can have a car depends on the college. Some allow them freshman year, some not until sophomore year. Many schools offer public transportation or bicycle rental. Most campuses are designed so everything a student needs is within walking distance.

The IT Help Desk is one of the most helpful places on campus. Whether you need help connecting to the internet, finding a printer, or recovering a lost document, go there. In an emergency they may even loan you equipment.

Almost every college has student clubs and organizations and frequent campus events. Colleges usually have a list of registered student organizations and there are fliers all around campus.

Plan out your courses early to make sure you have all the credits needed to graduate on time. Most students change their majors at least once — college is supposed to be a time of discovery. Stay flexible.

With good time management it is possible to get good grades and still have time for clubs and fun. If you manage your schedule well you may even get a decent amount of sleep.